adding csv for celeba (#2)
cleanlab/multilabel-error-detection-benchmarks: README.md

> - the Pytorch code we used to train a multi-label classifier model on CelebA
> - the code to find mislabeled images in this dataset
> - data/celeba/celeba_label_errors.csv: Label quality scores for each example in each dataset and is_issue that indicates if Cleanlab found an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the Pytorch code we used to train a multi-label classifier model on CelebA
- the code to find mislabeled images in this dataset

**data/celeba/celeba_label_errors.csv** in this repository contains: label quality scores for each image in the CelebA dataset and boolean is_issue column that indicates which images were identified to have a label issue by cleanlab
```
